Role: Mid-level Software Engineer
Seeking: Senior Software Engineer

What I'm looking for in my next role:
- I'm looking for a company that is willing to pay me a competitive salary and benefits.
- I'm looking for a company that is willing to give me the opportunity to grow and learn.
- I'm looking for a company that is willing to give me the opportunity to work on interesting and challenging projects.
- I'm looking for a company that is willing to give me the opportunity to work with a team of talented and experienced engineers.
- I want to mentor junior engineers and help them grow their skills.

Company: Booz Allen Hamilton
Team Size: 3-10 people
Industry: Information Technology and Government Contracting
Things I've Learned:
- Look through current codebase and understand the architecture and the code so that I can make informed decisions about creating new features and fixing bugs. I made the mistake of creating a new way of error handling in an API. We had to change it back.
- How do deploy code to Azure App Services. My team was given a MERN app that we didn't build and I had to update the dependencies and deploy it to Azure App Services.

Company: Best Lawyers
Team Size: 8 people
Industry: Marketing
Things I've Learned:
- Some teams require less team work and more individual work. I took too much of one of the architects and got in trouble for it.

Company: Plex Systems
Team Size: 12 people
Industry: Information Technology (ERP)
Things I've Learned:
- SQL Tests
- Unit Tests
- How to work with a team of developers to build a feature
- How to work with and manage a sharded database with a few thousand tables.

Personal Projects:

1. Andre CV
Description: A CV website for employers to look at my skills and past experiences.
Technologies: Nextjs, Tailwindcss, AI enabled (Groq and Gemini), TypeScript

2. Billow
Description: A web app for utility company clients to pay their utility bills.
Technologies: Nextjs, Redux, Tailwindcss, Vee Validate, TypeScript, Flowbite

3. Next Play
Description: A website for a client who helps former college and professional athletes parlay their skills into the workforce.
Technologies: Vue.js, Axios, Vite, Yup, Tailwind, Vee Validate, TypeScript, Express

4. Martin-Porterfield Reunion
Description: A website for for a family reunion event.
Technologies: Vue.js, Tailwind, Vee Validate, TypeScript, Flowbite

5. Eleventh & Pemberton
Description: A website for a local business investor.
Technologies: Vue.js, Tailwind, Vee Validate, TypeScript, dasiyUI, Axios, Express.js

6. Not Another Mug
Description: A website for a client who sells custom designed mugs.
Technologies: React.js, TypeScript, Express.js, MongoDB, JavaScript
